[MUSIC]
I am the game analytics lead at Miniclip.
Prior to that,
I was the interim lead producer at
Miniclip on the mobile division,
not the whole company.
>> I've been a stay at home mom for
23 years of my biological triplets as
well as a series of foster children.
But I'm now looking,
as my children are getting older,
to perhaps getting back
into the workforce.
>> I'm a policy and
public affairs professional, and
over 10 years I've worked in policy
lobbying in Westminster in London.
But at the same time, I'm also a dance
artist and a budding choreographer.
Cuz it's very easy to sign up for a course
and to think, oh, this is a great thing,
it's really interesting and I would
like to learn a little bit about it.
But in fact it does require a bit of
preparation, listening to the lecture.
So in other words,
it needs some time to be put aside.
There is never enough time.
>> If it was an easy path or an easier
path, I think it wouldn't be so helpful.
>> It's a little overwhelming for
people of my generation, I think,
because I didn't know how to set up my
microphone and I didn't necessarily know
if I would be able to access all
the material and understand the videos.
[MUSIC]
The fact that the lectures are in
video form is a very handy thing for
someone like me who hasn't taken notes
in a really long time, because I can
repeatedly pause it and rewind it and
go back over it again if I need to.
>> I take the lectures almost religiously.
I print the handouts.
I take handwritten notes.
And then I create my notes in a tidy way
that I keep on a different notebook.
>> Well, there's another side of
Coursera that I really appreciate, and
that is the peer review.
At first I was slightly skeptical, and
also a bit daunted because it's
an additional coursework and
actually it proved really helpful for
my own coursework
because it helped me understand what
are the sort of average standards?
What is the better way to
approach some of the tasks?
And after awhile,
you just start to realize that there
is something as a common ground.
>> Assistants,
they are really knowledgeable.
They helped a lot of people who had some
difficulties because they didn't really
have the coding background.
To me at least I tend to start
having places where I go.
Rseek in the case of R helped a lot,
but if it was for
some other programming language,
I would probably go to Stack Overflow.
[MUSIC]
The things that I'm doing right now,
in my job,
with what I learned is really nice and
was a great experience.
>> I also learned so much that I
felt clever again all of a sudden.
[LAUGH] It was nice,
it activated parts of my brain
that I hadn't used in a long time.
>> Just in my household
there is three of us, and
all three of us have done at
least one Coursera course.
So it's really changed what
we do in our spare time.
[MUSIC]